as per 03-November-2025 Status
-----------------------------

1. what has been done

	1.1 Check Render & MongoDB Cost
	1.2 UI for chat assistant & login
	1.3 UI & Backend integration for the assistant dashboard
	1.4 Backend integration with OpenAI
	1.5. Backend & Database integration
	1.6. Change domain name website
	1.7. Handle backend to display the assistant list based on assigned to user
			 
			 user: fmclinic 
			 password: fmclinic
		   (list only fm clinic assistant)

	1.8. Finish configuration for FM Clinic (Prompt, File Knowledge Provided by Kaijie)
	
	1.9. Change email -> username input for login auth

	1.10. Implement Upload File & OCR on Backend 

	1.11. Implement Upload Function on Frontend + integrate to Backend API

	1.12. Admin Auth listing all chat
	
	1.13. Admin export all chat function under one button for Admin access.
		- generate per-pdf
		- organize on folder (Assistance -> User)
		- zip it
		- delete all chat history record
	
	1.14. upload to zoho work drive "Assistant" for the exported zip above
	
	1.15. Apply FM Clinic during iniatiate new session, the Assistant will reply to us first to upload document, instead user need to begin the chat first.
	
	1.16. Create Admin Panel (in modal) UI
	
	1.17. Create User Record & asssign assistant Integration (FE + BE)
	
	1.18. Listing user record integration

	1.19. Integration delete user record API = left with the API		
			


2. what is current action
			 
			(Hadi)
			
			2.1. Create edit form user & assistant like (create mode), but edit form UI. = in-progress almost done on UI Part
			2.2. Edit API & Integration it.(hold )
	
	
3. what is next
    3.1 exploring iframe(how it works,how it looks in dashboard UI)
	3.2 explore new chat function on lindy platform
	3.3 chat history in UI from Lindy bubblechat
	3.31 chat history per user(explore how it works)
	3.4 designing button for Lindy multiple bots
	3.5 implement singlife chatbot through Lindy.
	3.6 If its possible to have user systems like previous project.( specific bots for specific users)



	(Sumaiya) Keep in View
	3.1. integrate when chat finish for singlife assistant
		-> event triggered during singlife assistance close the chat flag.
		-> export current chat after the end the conversation (DEV to pick option 1 or 2 for best approach)
			1. sent email ZOHO (email subject & content based on the chat history)
			2. upload the export chat pdf file into zoho workdrive (like existing export chat PDF per-session)
	
	(Hadi/Sumaiya) (Requested by Galvin)
	3.2. Implement Assistant Form to edit the System Prompt based on each assistant system prompt on UI (Admin)
		(Better implement after Admin Panel is already there & at this moment if need to edit the prompt can edit it under backend/prompts/{prompt file} by github commit & push (main branch))
		- things to do:
			1. UI for Assistant form (System Prompt)
			2. New API for Assistant Config Submission (System Prompt, Upload Docs for OpenAI Vector) (Upload Docs Code for Vector can refer to existing util file "vector-upload.js")
			3. Integrate the UI with API for the assistant edit prompt.
		(configure new project key need to be done from OpenAI manually & configure on DB config level)
		
NOTE:
- All Prompt + docs is based on existing one from GPT, developer purpose is to integrate only on this project, in case not expected result need to edit the prompt level only & not the code level.
- Response will be based on OpenAI, no manual intervation from the backend code regards to the chat response.